welcome to us a fine rescue's video
recipes where we feature favorite
recipes submitted to us today I'm making
corn bread with corn casserole
it's a moist and delicious casserole
that's easy to put together it's a quick
side dish to make and it's loaded with
flavor so let's get started
pre-heat your oven to 375 degrees and
take an 8 by 8 casserole dish and spray
it with nonstick cooking spray in a
mixing bowl add two eggs beaten 1 14
ounce can of whole kernel corn undrained
and 1 14 ounce can of cream style corn
mix until well combined then add 1
tablespoon of sugar 1/4 of a cup of
melted margarine and 1/8 and 1/2 ounce
box of jiffy cornbread mix I'll stir
this well pour the mixture into the
prepared casserole dish now bake it in
the oven for about an hour and here it
is a creamy and rich tasting cornbread
casserole this is great served with
chili or bean soup for this recipe and
many more check out the website today
further up and one eight and a half
ounce kit rocks like Tiffany cornbread
mix and one eight and a half pound
don't let add two eggs beaten
you